# DubbleDoopShop_Website
I started this website from scratch starting with the index/home page. I coded all the HTML using what I had learned from class and from whatever tips I could scavenge from the internet about using CSS to make the pages look better and how I wanted them rather than leaving a lot of it to default. I then finished the website by creating the shop page, login, createAccount, and single product page. A lot of the main code from the home page remained and only the new stuff that was needed was created from there making it much faster to finish. I used the single product page and saved it as a template so I could streamline creating 25 random products for the site. After creating all products, I had to update every single tile for the products on the shop and homepage so that they showed the proper information but also sends the user to the appropriate product page after being clicked on. This meant updating each onclick="window.location.href=''" to match each tile to the product html file. Also as a note, I used Ai image generation to generate 25 random product images so that I didn't have to source any photos from random sources. I also used AI to randomly generate goofy descriptions for all 25 items.

For the javascript, I mainly used it for the validation and also to create a menu mechanism for medium and small screens. The navigation bar switches to a hamburger button that toggles a vertical navigation bar on smaller screens. The js is utilized to recognize a pseudo enum (i think thats what it was called) which lets the nav bar know when it is in an active status. When the hamburger button is tapped, the nav will slide in from 300px of the right. When the X is tapped, the active status is removed and it will slide back into its hidden position. The other use of java script was for the validation. There are two functions that setError and setSuccess. When the validation is successful. it removes any error status and adds success - as a result the input box will go from a blank or red border to green border. The colors are programmed through css pointing to the form on the HTML file. When the validation is unsuccessful, setError will add the error status as well as pass a message in the subsequent code. The border around the respective input box will turn red and the error message will display underneath the box. The logic for success and error of each input is programmed using if else if and else statements. For example if username is left blank an error message is thrown, else success. For the password verification, if the passwords are blank else if the password and password2 are not equal then an error is set, else success.

Thanks for reading!
